and Hello to you Zhora
and this is car magazine number 11
the penultimate magazine this year and in
This magazine Ivan as I saw me very
like this machine and now you mean
here it looks like this
there will be some new book about
all our cartoons be told and
here is the coloring
and reanimator him on the neck is rubbish
so here it is
well let's open it chickens from on you know
Do these cartons, yes ёshkin you hide
so great even the space on I broke
neatly open neatly here
neat rip off the main thread here
we put it therefore a friend son and it means
here is the machine itself and it is just me
car like him well here right here
it is written on the hood Ivan here
his teeth here his mustache are here this
blue car
That means not a very steam car
read a magazine then it's all in
so I decided to show you the side
so it will be more convenient for me about the eternal will be up
you can see just a little bit here is not
there will be nothing terrible here broadcast and
Dreem professor burn here about the bad and
from Christmas already jobs so here
Means to give gifts something else I will say so
u rudely
I do not know what are the nights for gifts
or on the oil rig you need garlands
to work
further comics have trouble before they started
some water this game they get a Christmas tree
Some kind of show is beautiful and very good further
about collect makvina oles it turns out 1 and
East Makvin Farad count how many
details get this topic further
and a poster like an artist ochumete to mind
we have this moment mcwin sally romance about
what pokachi beautiful really liked
farther
task aha about the bridge means here
talk about bridges like that dudes
light bridge 3 is a two-story
so get here shows how
why he why how to do why so
why can't it be like here here
This is how the comic
tasks means here and comedian created
like here are three kinds of let them still many
there is an inflow shown further here
some other task 1 2 abroad
here further one more task
Christmas balls
if you find a job there is still a maze
Carry gingerbread speech further about
draw passionate draw will not
her comic 1 step and such
about the root of the sport is something like this this
beer rights
here 's it at the end of the magazine
then that's mean machine I pair
conclusion I say log jerboa this time
the way to be the last labor in this
year here's clothes number and you beautiful
cars when all the cars about the skin
interesting here on the log planes are not
I know when it will be brought like Pasha
this month they are now as years
still may in December they December-January
at the end whether i didn't even wait in january or
in December at the end I even got used to
well, and the sauna itself, you can subscribe
sprinkle the committee on it all all bye